# Day-Scheduler
All went well until I hit the color part of the homework. It took countless hours just to get it right, and I will be honest I literally tried every possible if/else conditional I could think of until I hit the right one that worked on my page. It was countless of hours of trying to figure it out and I wrote the code, but have no idea why this actually works. With that noted, let us proceed with the rest of the homework. I established the variable object1 for the local storage to getItem the "data". I then established code to ge the current hour of and date for the day scheduler and linked it with the id currentDay within the <p> element in the HTML file. The for loop is next within the code, but before I created the for loop, I actually used Template Literal which I learned from Chad to implement within the JS file to write the row for the hour, text area and save button. Once I established the first row, I created the for loop to continuosly create the same row until 24 were created for all the hours within a day. I then implemented the the id's for both the text area and button to ensure both are correlated to their specific rows. I then created a function for every button that allows the save button to save the value that was inputted in every text area respectfully, which also saved it within the local storage and was placed and shown within the page even when it was refreshed as the code in the beginning allowed to the get the data for each text saved in every row. Last but not least I created conditionals for the classes that were given to us within the css stylesheet. I literally shifted conditionals for about 4 hours trying to figure out why my logic of thinking and coding were not working. I decided to implement all of the classes within the the textarea, as the addClass function would not work properly as it kept overwriting each class and the colors all came out in the incorrect rows. For some reason, I don't know why but my last conditional worked with the removeClass function replacing the addClass functions I had prior. I tried creating three conditionals and removing the different classes, but I stumbled upon the final conditional in my code by accident and magically works. To be honest, I am quite dissapointed that I stumbled upon this, I would have rather knew how and why this worked, but I don't and got lucky by spending countless hours just to get lucky on a conditional that worked for my page.
